#summary TapestryTools install guide document.
#labels Phase-QA

= 1.1 For Eclipse Indigo =

Note that Java 6 is recommended for using WTP at a whole, even though subsets of WTP and other Eclipse Projects might run with other JRE levels. See planned target environments for more information.

Before you install TapestryTools, you should get the following basic tools:

 * Eclipse SDK v3.7 (Platform, PDE, JDT)
 * EMF and XSD SDK Combined EMF and EMF-XSD SDK
 * GEF SDK 3.7 (GEF Code and Source)
 * DTP sdk v1.9 (Code and Source)
 * EMF Transaction v1.5.0 (Required for JPA Diagram Editor)
 * EMF Validation v1.5.0 (Required for JPA Diagram Editor)
 * Graphiti v0.8.0 (Required for JPA Diagram Editor)

Get [http://download.eclipse.org/webtools/downloads/drops/R3.3.0/R-3.3.0-20110607160810/ more details (download urls etc) here]



= 1.2 For Eclipse Helios=

TapestryTools is built on Eclipse WTP project.Note that WTP requires Java 5 or higher (and, for some things, actually requires a JDK rather than only a JRE) even though many other Eclipse Projects can run with other JRE levels.

Before you install TapestryTools, you should get the following basic tools:

 * Eclipse SDK (Platform, JDT)       [http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/download.php?file=/eclipse/downloads/drops/R-3.6.2-201102101200/eclipse-SDK-3.6.2-win32.zip  Download]
 * 1> EMF and XSD SDK Combined EMF and EMF-XSD SDK.            [http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/download.php?file=/modeling/emf/emf/downloads/drops/2.6.x/R201009141218/emf-xsd-SDK-2.6.1.zip  Download]
 * 2> GEF SDK 3.6.2 GEF Code and Source      [http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/download.php?file=/tools/gef/downloads/drops/3.6.2/R201102251600/GEF-SDK-3.6.2.zip Download]
 * 3> DTP sdk v1.8.2 Code and Source      [http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/download.php?file=/datatools/downloads/1.8/dtp-sdk_1.8.2.zip Download]

Unzip 1, 2 and 3, copy the folders and plugins into Eclipse folder, just override it to install these 3 plugins.


= 2. Install TapestryTools =

Then you can use TapestryTools update site to install TapestryTools. Its update site address is http://tapestrytools.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/TapestryTools_UpdateSite/.

= 3. Have a trial of TapestryTools =

 * Tapestry project,page and component creation wizard function  [http://code.google.com/p/tapestrytools/wiki/Project_Page_Component_Creation_Wizard Guide] 

 * Have a trial of TapestryTools components drag-and-drop features[http://code.google.com/p/tapestrytools/wiki/Tapestry_support_in_Web_Page_Editor here], just like basic html components and jsp components, TapestryTools supply property view for Tapestry components.
 
 * TapestryTools help you find aim file quickly and help you add Tapestry components quickly by content assist features, check details [http://code.google.com/p/tapestrytools/wiki/Partner_location_and_content_assist_helper here]